docs: add vitest intro to typescript/testing (#5336)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/typescript/typescript-testing.md

## Jest

## Vitest

> 
> [Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) is an ESM-first, modern unit-test framework powered by Vite. It works out of the box for TypeScript/Node.js projects. You can learn how to get started and read about its features in [the Vitest guide](https://vitest.dev/guide/). To enhance your VS Code experience, you can install [the official VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ZixuanChen.vitest-explorer).
> 
> ![A screenshot of using Vitest extension inside VS Code](./images/testing/vitest.gif)

Reviewer: ```suggestion

[Vitest](https://vitest.dev/) is a modern Enterprise Service Management (ESM) unit-test framework powered by Vite. Vitest works out of the box for TypeScript or Node.js projects. To learn how to get started and about its features, check out the [Vitest guide](https://vitest.dev/guide/). You can enhance your VS Code experience by installing [the official Vitest VS Code extension](https://marketplace.visualstudio.com/items?itemName=ZixuanChen.vitest-explorer).
```

The screenshot does not add value and is very noisy.

Author: Updated. ESM refers to ES modules
